---
title: Bonus Letter 11
permalink: "/bonus/email/11"
layout: email-bonus
patreon-org: Survived & Punished
patreon-link: https://survivedandpunished.org
patreon-description: Survived & Punished is an organization that campaigns for the abolition of custodial sentences for victims of abuse.
---

## We recommend

### 🔗 DeSmuMe Nintendo DS Emulator

Can the feds get me for recommending an emulator? Even though I have a DS, I'm pretty afraid of buying DS games at this point because I feel like no matter what I'm going to get a scam cartridge. This is a problem, as I have a well-documented obsessed with the *Ace Attorney* franchise and Ace Attorney: Miles Edgeworth Investigations doesn't have a digital port for 3DS or Switch, and I had to play it. I had to! I've enjoyed the easy functionality of [this emulator](http://desmume.org/)—it connects well to my Switch pro-controller (so much less hassle than I've had in the past!) and runs super well. 

– *Summer*

### 💡 Bangs

Ok, don't freak out, this isn't actually a blanket recommendation that everyone should get bangs. But it is a recommendation for impulsively cutting or dying your hair in your bathroom whenever you feel like it, because I think that shit rocks. Sometimes it doesn't work out—I have struggled with bleach and bright pink toner plenty of times—but *sometimes* you end up with a new look that you're really into. A couple of days ago, I cut side bangs on either side of my face on a whim and I love it so much. And even if I didn't love it, I would learn to live with it for a little bit until it grows back out, because nothing you do to your hair is permanent, which is so beautiful to me. So go wild! Who cares!

– *Jillian*
