---
title: Bonus Letter 3
permalink: "/bonus/email/3"
layout: email-bonus
patreon-org: The Okra Project
patreon-link: https://theokraproject.com/
patreon-description: The Okra Project is "a collective that seeks to address the global
  crisis faced by Black Trans people by bringing home cooked, healthy, and culturally
  specific meals and resources to Black Trans People wherever we can reach them."
  A full session is $90—help us get there!
date: September 17, 2020
tags: 
- 📺 TV
- 🍽️ Food
- ✨ Bonus
---

## We recommend

### 📺 New Girl

I'm putting this on bonus recommendations because it's kind of ridiculous to recommend a very popular sitcom but hear me out! If you haven't watched *New Girl,* it's on Netflix. If you've already watched it, then listen—just watch it again! I'm on maybe my fifth watch-through, since my partner has never seen it before, and it's a wonderful delight at the end of the work day when I literally cannot think a moment more. COVID-19 has caused a lot of extra work for me at my job, and working in my bedroom really fucks me up, so honestly all I want is to laugh and watch beautiful straight people skating 30 be messes. It's a wonderful thing to watch at 23 when I'm actually doing decently in my professional/personal life (though my mental health could be taken better care of), and I'm happy to revisit it now. Not that I didn't just watch through almost all of it with my roommate a few months ago, too. And also a bunch of season 3 with my brother for my brief quarantine home visit. Like my relatively recent love for Jane Austen, loving New Girl is absolutely a mark of working through internalized misogyny; Zooey Deschanel, I'm sorry I was ever mean to you!

– *Summer*

### 🍽️ Annie's bunny mac and cheese

I don't really know this happened (on purpose. it happened on purpose.) but Annie's bunny-shaped mac and cheese has suddenly become a weekly staple in my diet. I refer to it simply as "bunny mac." It's delicious, it's easy, and the bunny shapes bring me great joy. It's the one in the [bright pink box](https://www.annies.com/product/bunny-pasta-with-yummy-cheese-mac-cheese/), probably available at your nearest bodega or grocery store.

– *Jillian*
