---
title: Video Game Club 2 - Fire Emblem Awakening
permalink: "/bonus/vgc/2"
topic: Fire Emblem Awakening
patreon-org: Trans Lifeline
patreon-link: https://translifeline.org
patreon-description: Trans Lifeline is a grassroots hotline run by and for trans people, offering direct emotional and financial support to trans people in crisis. 
layout: email-vgc
date: Aug 23, 2021
tags:
- 🎮 Video game
- 🎮 VGC
---
*In this chat, we're talking about chapters 10-20 of Fire Emblem: Awakening. There will be spoilers, so be wary!*

**Summer:** HELLO

WELCOME TO FE:A CHAT PART TWOOOOOO

**Jillian:** HELLOOOOO

we are back for round 2, having played through chapter 20 of fire emblem: awakening

because i am bad at time management i played almost all of it in one weekend

so i basically was just playing fire emblem for ten hours a day for the past couple of days

**Summer:** how did it feel

**Jillian:** brain smoothing

**Summer:** it really is cozy!

fire emblem is cozy!

**Jillian:** fire emblem is a cozy game! i will die on this hill!

**Summer:** battles are so comforting. go figure!

**Jillian:** i will say i’m definitely firmly in the phase of only caring about the extra battles so i can grind for supports and stuff

that’s what i spent the majority of my time doing

**Summer:** yes i LOVE supports

**Jillian:** the “main story” or whatever is cool too i guess

**Summer:** every time i get back to the main storyline i'm like. OH LMAO?

**Jillian:** RIGHT lol

i guess we can talk about the story tho

**Summer:** i guess i was kind of invested in the beginning but i feel like i don't 100% understand the conflict post time skip lol

**Jillian:** yeah same

**Summer:** sometimes i feel like wait aren't the risen the issue here

but they're not sdkjglksjlgk

**Jillian:** the risen are just there

i guess the main issue is the fell dragon is going to awaken at some point, which we know because lucina came from the future to tell us

**Summer:** ok KIDS

i fucking love it

it's so ridiculous

**Jillian:** so now we have to……scour the earth for all the little pieces of the fire emblem so we can perform some ritual to awaken the……other dragon? the good one? and that will save everyone

**Summer:** okay yes

you're right. i forget the fire emblem is real

**Jillian:** personally i only care about marrying people off

**Summer:** same i just want to see stupid supports!

**Jillian:** the fire emblem is indeed an actual object in this game, turns out

oh i will also take a moment of silence for basilio, who was a cool dude. wish he didn’t die rip.

**Summer:** RIP

that was a really good scene though

**Jillian:** it was! definitely one of the best so far

oh wait also robin keeps having these weird migranes

**Summer:** eyes emoji....

**Jillian:** seems like the evil dude is in her head or something, trying to get her to betray chrom possibly?

**Summer:** i think i know why based off of fanfiction spoilers

like i don't know for Sure

**Jillian:** and as we know, in lucina’s timeline, chrom is killed by someone close to him

**Summer:** SPICY

i love lucina

**Jillian:** i think we’ve gotten different fanfiction spoilers which is funny to me

like, i also got spoiled for something i think but i don’t think it’s the same thing as you

**Summer:** wait sdkfjslkf we can compare post chapter 25

**Jillian:** ok asldkfjdks

anyway that’s all the plot i can remember happening

**Summer:** yeah same . we defeated the dude? walhart ?

who like. started a war....for some reason

and had really good weapons

so the last of the game will be getting the rest of the fire emblem pieces

**Jillian:** seems like it

**Summer:** ok who are your favorite characters, 10 chapters later

**Jillian:** lon’qu is still up there for me. say’ri is a brand new fav. also cherche. i still love cordelia, but now i also love sumia because i started actually using her.

**Summer:** god same i love lon'qu even more after getting some of his story

**Jillian:** ME TOO

i also really love stahl because he seems like a sweetie but i don’t have very many of his supports yet

OH AND TIKI. TIKI IS COOL.

**Summer:** YES

I LOVE HER idk why i took to her so much quickly than nowi

i love dragonstone+

**Jillian:** nowi is also cool but tiki is just more powerful right off the bat

**Summer:** i love morgan and lucina. rip to your morgan

**Jillian:** RIP MORGAN LOL

so what happened was

there is a paralogue battle with this kid named morgan

usually in the paralogue battles you can talk to the character to recruit them

unfortunately i did not pay enough attention to morgan and he uh. died. and then i saved before i could go back and redo it. and then i found out that morgan is kind of a really important character lol.

**Summer:** sdifgjrlksdjfk

**Jillian:** so now i have to play the whole rest of the game without ROBIN’S SON. without GETTING ANY OF THAT STORY. lmao

**Summer:** GOD

morgan is a good kid i really like them

**Jillian:** i was having a good time reading the trivia on his wiki page though

i did get kjelle, tho, who is sully’s kid. and i love her.

do you have any other kids so far?

**Summer:** i have

a lot ok i have

noire, who is tharja's daughter

i married her to lon'qu. they are a hilarious family

i have panne's son, i married her to libra, i do not remember his name but he looks like a stinky teen boy

i have owain, lissa's son and i married her to ricken. he's like, fine

i got severa who is cordelia and frederick's child and she's a brat i LOVE her

that might be all of them...i think i'm gonna chill out on getting children now

**Jillian:** omg you have so many people married already

i just have chrobin and then sully and stahl

BUT i do have plans

**Summer:** after my first one i was like obsessed with getting kids

**Jillian:** sldkfjsdf

**Summer:** and then i was like. i'm not using any of you

**Jillian:** the kids are just for supports

**Summer:** exactly

cordelia as a mom rocks

**Jillian:** so i was going to do lon’qu and cherche, because i like that his supports with her unlocked some of his backstory

but then i saw his supports with cordelia and they made me scream

also i think i’m going to have frederick and sumia get married

**Summer:** i think that's a good idea

**Jillian:** frankly aside from that i don’t know

because i don’t use a lot of the other men

**Summer:** i told you this but oh my god cordelia and frederick's S support made me insane

**Jillian:** YOU DID TELL ME SLDKFJD

**Summer:** like their support chain was like really cute and frankly kind of flirty

**Jillian:** it’s hilarious that she. doesn’t have supports with chrom. like at all.

**Summer:** like cordelia keeps bullying frederick to talk to her about his love life

and you're like oh that's classic and cute

and like, she's sumia's best friend and frederick is chrom's Guy so you're like. Yeah Makes Sense

BUT THEN! THE S SUPPORT! FREDERICK IS LIKE. CORDELIA I HAVE FEELINGS FOR YOU WHENEVER YOU ASKED ME TO TALK ABOUT MY LOVE LIFE I WANTED TO TALK ABOUT YOU. AND CORDELIA IS LIKE. WELL I';M IN LOVE WITH CHROM

**Jillian:** lkfJSDKGLJSDFKSD

what the hell

**Summer:** and i was like????????????????????????????? W WEHEN?

i thought oh bummer i should have seen maybe some of her supports with chrom before doing this i regret this this is weird. but then she and chrom don't have supports.

insane!

like tharja is obsessed with robin

and i know this

but CORDELIA?????????

**Jillian:** there are sooooo many supports i need to see

also say’ri and robin’s supports. interesting.

**Summer:** RIGHT

**Jillian:** like. gay.

**Summer:** i wonder if they're like that with mrobin too and they just didn't feel like re-writing them too much

b/c. gay!

**Jillian:** ohhhhh i wonder

i don’t know who to pair with lissa because she’s too gay with maribelle

but i want her to get married so i can get her kid

**Summer:** god it's so annoying. dragons exist why can't people be gay

**Jillian:** i guess i can bring ricken out of retirement

**Summer:** yeah i married her to ricken because he's the only one that looks her age

**Jillian:** what if i marry her to that weird farm boy

**Summer:** LOL

i think i read a fic where she married him and i was like hey sure

**Jillian:** why not i guess

he's there

**Summer:** i hate that robin can S support the second gen lol

**Jillian:** yeah weird

don’t they have to go back to the future at some point

**Summer:** right? that would be so depressing

war marriage

robin and lucina's A support is really sweet

like around those lines

**Jillian:** aww i can’t wait to see it

**Summer:** when lucina is your daughter i mean. and of course she is because why would you not marry chrom.

**Jillian:** i was just going to ask if the supports are different if she’s robin’s daughter vs not

**Summer:** i bet they are because they're very centered on Being a Daughter

**Jillian:** so then i also wonder if she has different daughter supports with other moms—is robin’s special because she’s robin? or is it the same no matter who her mom’s is

**Summer:** do you think the kids' support with their dad is the same regardless of who the dad is

**Jillian:** YEAH I WONDER

i feel like they’re probably the same

there’s no way they’d write that many supports

**Summer:** right that would be so much work

**Jillian:** although i guess the kids’ hair colors change depending who the dad is

**Summer:** which is cute

**Jillian:** it’s soooo cute

i just wish any of the dads had fun colored hair

**Summer:** ugh right they're so boring

**Jillian:** like, olivia’s kid should get to have pink hair

**Summer:** i agree.....do you use olivia

**Jillian:** i’ve been trying to use her in some battles to get her supports but not really

**Summer:** i wanna watch her supports with chrom

because he can only marry so many people....

and she is one of them...

**Jillian:** she’s hard to use because she really does die very easily lol

i’ve gotten one of her supports with chrom so far! but her supports are weirdly hard to get

**Summer:** no that makes sense

but yeah she dies super easily

**Jillian:** you can’t really put her anywhere an enemy can reach her but if she’s too far away she’s useless anyway

**Summer:** using a dancer in fe3h is so different b/c my dancers were flayn (died always) felix (king) and marianne (Strong as hell)

**Jillian:** olivia does technically have a sword so i guess i could try to make her a beast but

**Summer:** oh shit right

**Jillian:** so far she’s not a great unit lol

**Summer:** ok i think tharja is my favorite unit she's so strong and a weirdo

**Jillian:** but that’s what i thought about sumia and now she’s pretty good! so anything can happen

**Summer:** i also love sumia

sumia cordelia and tharja

Women

**Jillian:** i liked tharja right away but i haven’t been using her as much

WOMEN

**Summer:** i have a similar problem w/ getting more kids because i def use more women than men

**Jillian:** yeah rip

**Summer:** and like. why would i make sumia marry gauius. sorry he's just not good enough for her

**Jillian:** it’s not our fault that the women are all cool and hot and the men are weird

hey so. who’s gauius. lol

did i miss him too

**Summer:** LMAO

he was like a thief early on

**Jillian:** oh my god lmao

**Summer:** who was like "i just wanna steal stuff i don't wanna fight people"

**Jillian:** aw man i wish i had recruited him

i’m gonna have to play this game all over again huh

i guess that’s how fire emblem gets you

**Summer:** no me too sdlkjgtlkdfjds i'm kind of tempted to play on classic tbh

which isn't a good way to get supports lol

**Jillian:** this game is already so hard i’m never playing on classic

i think fe:a is harder than fe3h

or maybe i’m just worse at it for some reason

**Summer:** i agree, not having the divine pulse...

**Jillian:** I MISS DIVINE PULSE

i had to do tiki’s paralogue like four times

**Summer:** like i make so many stupid decisions

**Jillian:** me too rip

**Summer:** and i'm like. Why did i do that

**Jillian:** i need to start saving after every turn

cheater’s divine pulse

**Summer:** YEAH LOL

**Jillian:** OH also after our last chat i started letting the game auto-assign weapons and stuff before the battles and it’s so nice

i do have to keep remembering to buy vulneraries and stuff tho because sometimes i just don’t have any left and i don’t notice

**Summer:** IT'S GREAT i try to be a little more intentional now but it helps me actually know What i have

the game kept trying to give chrom a levin sword

**Jillian:** omg

**Summer:** and i was like. Please do not do that. Thank you.

**Jillian:** i love a levin sword tho

for lon’qu and say’ri especially

**Summer:** i give it to robin and morgan!

i promoted lon'qu to an assassin so he can do bows it's nice

**Jillian:** ohhhh interesting i kept him on swords

oh are you mostly using magic or a sword for robin

**Summer:** robin is mostly magic but since the levin sword is powered by magic i was like O Perfect

**Jillian:** i actually don’t have a single bow user lol

i mean like. i have them. but i don’t use them.

**Summer:** yeah lon'qu is my only one lol

**Jillian:** also i made lissa and maribelle war monks so they can have axes

**Summer:** YES

I LOVE IT

**Jillian:** it's so good

**Summer:** lissa with an axe rocks. it makes me so happy

**Jillian:** same!!!

half the time they don’t do any damage but it’s ok they’re having fun

**Summer:** my sumia is a healer and my cordelia is a magic user which is nice

**Jillian:** wait i should make sumia a healer what am i doing

cordelia is mostly a lance user for me but she does some magic sometimes

**Summer:** YEAH her magic is not as strong as her lance but

it's great. promotion is definitely easier to understand in fe3h

**Jillian:** yeah way easier

but also in fe3h i’m more tempted to plan out units really strategically and here i’m like, whatever

they can do whatever they want

**Summer:** same

**Jillian:** i don’t care if i have a bow user or not

**Summer:** go with the flow. do what you're supposed to

**Jillian:** exactly

i have so many second seals that i’ll never use

they just keep piling up

**Summer:** SAME

**Jillian:** who am i to fuck with nature like that

**Summer:** even in fe3h i basically. made people the class they were supposed to be.

**Jillian:** maybe on my second playthrough i’ll change everything up but i’m also the person who always makes felix and sylvain the exact same class every time i play fe3h

**Summer:** the craziest thing i did was felix dancer but thats not crazy that's big brained

**Jillian:** felix SHOULD be the dancer

it just feels right imo

**Summer:** good story tension. he's sword. he's magic. perfect!

**Jillian:** i refuse to even make felix a brawler even though it’s one of his strengths

**Summer:** i wanna do a route where he's a brawler but i think i would have to do blue lions again

which is FINE i just am doing another golden deer now, theoretically

**Jillian:** and at a certain point in the game i stop letting sylvain use lances altogether

i keep saying i’m going to do golden deer again and i am but also. i want to do blue lions again. i miss them so much.

**Summer:** i'm doing hard mode golden deer. i just need to get into the flow i'm on like. chapter 14 maybe

**Jillian:** i’m still on chapter 12 or 13 of black eagles

but i don’t want to play it while i’m doing fe:a

**Summer:** lmao rip to my abandoned church route...

**Jillian:** church route sounds boring sorry

**Summer:** i think i do wanna play fe:a again especially because in the ng+

there are....................................more recruitable characters

**Jillian:** THERE’S NG+ IN FEA?

WHAT

**Summer:** that you get through spotpass?

**Jillian:** OH DLC?

**Summer:** that's like the wifi thing on 3ds?

so i think they're free. need to confirm.

**Jillian:** ok we’re definitely going to have to figure out how that works

**Summer:** YEAH. can i tell you who the recruitables are

**Jillian:** for my second run i’m going to do so much research

i didn’t want to look anything up before i started it because i wanted to avoid spoilers as much as possible

**Summer:** i found out when i was trying to see if i could be gay

**Jillian:** but next time i play it i’m going to be so strategic about getting the best supports and stuff

i wonder if you can unlock supports and skill levels in ng+ like you can in fe3h

**Summer:** ugh i wish

**Jillian:** i guess we’ll find out

**Summer:** but yeah i wanna figure out how it works because....i want these characters lol

i love awakening!

**Jillian:** same that sounds fun

me too!

i’m having a lot of fun playing on the 3ds again

although it does hurt my hands

**Summer:** ME TOO. i think i'm going to get the other one on the 3ds that's not fates but the remake of an older title

lol i have an ergo grip that i do not use

**Jillian:** i actually want to play fates

i follow some people who like it even though everyone else says it’s trash

and i’m curious

**Summer:** SAME it's just three game cards

**Jillian:** omg what

**Summer:** yeah

**Jillian:** wild

**Summer:** they split it into three

for some reason

**Jillian:** ok weird

**Summer:** it's kind of confusing. which is why i picked awakening LOL

**Jillian:** i’m just going to download it from the internet anyway

**Summer:** i wanna play the gamecube one with ike

**Jillian:** YEAH same

**Summer:** Understand Super Smash Brothers

**Jillian:** eventually i will play every fire emblem game

this is my mission

**Summer:** WHAT A GOAL

**Jillian:** we can do it

**Summer:** we just gotta go 5 more chapters

for awakening

**Jillian:** wait is that all that’s left

**Summer:** i think so

**Jillian:** UM

**Summer:** I KNOW

**Jillian:** ok i need to marry everyone asap

**Summer:** i feel like there's so much story.

**Jillian:** i thought i had way more time

**Summer:** but. ! oh well

just get a bunch of the risen boxes

**Jillian:** i’m about to start buying those little boxes that summon risen

**Summer:** PERFECT LOL

**Jillian:** KLSDjgskdlf yeah

i’m so glad those exist

i haven’t used one yet but i’m gonna buy the whole supply

i guess if you can buy infinite amounts of them you could theoretically just do that for sooooo many battles and literally unlock every support

**Summer:** YEAH....the patience

**Jillian:** i’m NOT thinking about it

i'm not

**Summer:** god that would be dedication

i'm just telling myself. we are not Meant to get every support.

**Jillian:** the thing is there are so many characters i truly do not care about

**Summer:** The Game Wants You To Replay. And Get The Kids. In Different Replays.

no same i do not care about donnell!!!!!!!!!!

**Jillian:** We Are Not Meant To Have All The Kids At Once

We Would Be Too Powerful

fuck donnel i didn’t even want to recruit him

same with ricken no offense but nobody invited you

**Summer:** ricken is a baby he needs to go home

UGH the thing about the kids is that THEY ALSO ALL HAVE SUPPORTS WITH EACH OTHER

**Jillian:** I KNOW

and i need to see them

**Summer:** I KNOW I NEED TO SEE THEM

god i need someone to tell me what to ship

**Jillian:** same

**Summer:** i am not a free thinker

**Jillian:** it’s so hard to have to discover things for yourself

i’m a little gamefaqs walkthrough baby i need someone to hold my hand and tell me what to do

**Summer:** exactly

**Jillian:** sigh

ok

any last thoughts before we play the rest of fe:a?

**Summer:** i love my daughter lucina

**Jillian:** me too she’s so good

**Summer:** i want to main her in smash

**Jillian:** ME TOO

this has really just made me want to play more smash

now that i know who more of the characters are

and fire emblem heroes

**Summer:** YES

**Jillian:** let’s play smash together when we finish this game

**Summer:** YEAH

do a little fire emblem tournament

**Jillian:** yessss

cute

**Summer:** 😄